- [groans] It's overheated.
It won't start.
- We're not even close
to safety.
- No, we're miles
and miles away.
- What do we do?
- I don't think
we have a choice.
I mean, it won't start
until it cools down.
- We can carry on in my truck.
There's enough room.
- Mm.
- That's a good idea.
- I'll catch up with you
once I get it running.
- But we're not going
without you.
- I can't leave this.
I can't leave my research.
I think it's the best chance
we have to get through all this.
- Yeah.
- Take the kids.
- We're not going
without you.
- You and Martin go.
- The mission's still on.
We'll wait.
- She's right.
The mission is on.
You're stuck.
- I'm gonna go, uh,
look around.
- Hey.
How are you doing?
- Great, Dana.
You know, I just killed somebody
I loved, but thanks for asking.
I'm awesome.
- You didn't kill him, Bree.
- I could have saved him.
- How?
- Loving him more.
- Bree, don't you think
that's...
a little bit unrealistic?
- Really, Dana?
Unrealistic?
You want to go there?
How old's your boyfriend?
What, like, 32?
- [stammers]
- 28.
- You know, I always thought
that when you got started,
it would be, like, some math guy
or something, not some fling.
- He's not a fling.
Bree, look,
I know you're hurting.
- [scoffs]
- But none of us are
to blame for this.
- Yes, we are!
It is my fault, Dana.
I'm the only one to blame.
Devyn's dead,
and it's on me.
- Poor girl.
She cried all night.
I'm worried about her.
- I'm worried about you.
- Why me?
- What do you mean why you?
Yesterday you killed
four people.
- You killed four people
in Seattle.
- You knew that?
- Of course.
Dana told me that night.
- Why didn't you mention it?
- Look, it was a good plan.
I'm proud of you.
What's the plan for this?
The volcano could blow
any second.
- We're gonna get ten miles down
the road and break down again.
We just...we've got time.
- Okay.
- We could talk.
- [scoffs]
Talk.
Uh, yeah, no, I want to.
I want to.
Right after
we're out of this.
- Jeez, Mom,
don't you ever knock?
- Wow.
[laughs] Wow.
I've never needed to knock.
It's my RV, is it not?
Step forward, sir.
- Welcome to my mother's stare.
I've been getting it
for years.
- I'm okay with it.
- We'll see. What's your name?
- Martin James Winters.
- How do you know Booner?
- A Ranger buddy hooked me up
six months ago.
- You know a ranger?
- Did six years, ma'am.
- What's your battalion?
- That's classified.
- That's right.
Deployment?
- Iraq and Afghanistan.
- Any tin?
- Campaign medals, bronze star,
purple heart.
- Purple heart. Where?
- Right leg, ma'am--
through and through.
- Upper, lower?
- Upper.
- Has she seen the scar?
- Mom, yeah, I've--
I've seen the scar.
- Little girls like scars 'cause
they don't know any better.
- Mom, I'm not
a little girl anymore.
- Are you playing
with my daughter?
- No, ma'am.
- Did you volunteer for this
because of my daughter?
- Yes, ma'am.
- Why?
- Don't answer that.
- Answer that.
- Because
she's beautiful, ma'am...
and very smart, and I can't stop
thinking about her.
- Yes, she is smart.
What do you like about this guy?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah,
what he said.
- Plus, I'm funny.
- I'm funnier.
- She's definitely funnier.
There are a thousand ways
to die--you both know that.
If Dad doesn't get this thing
going and the volcano blows,
we could all die right here.
In light of that...
be good to each other.
- Yep.
- Yes, ma'am.
- Please.
Great.
- Yeah.
But looking at your face,
I'm gonna guess
that, uh, you were
just talking to Dana?
- You knew about him?
- Yeah, since the Alamo.
- And you didn't tell me?
- I thought it was
kind of obvious.
- Uh-huh.
- He's a good guy.
- A good guy. Yeah, okay,
he's a good guy, uh-huh.
He'll be great for her.
Love it. Love it.
- We have to pick up our talk.
- No, we don't.
- It's not good enough...
- What?
- For some of us
to live through this.
Unless we all survive,
then everything is for nothing.
- Well, the number-one rule
of survival is don't die,
make the other person die.
- There are different kinds
of death.
- Really?
Name two.
- What if we make it through
all this, but the price of it
is that we die spiritually?
That's what we're risking
when we kill these people.
- Josh, I get us through things.
That's what I do.
That's my job.
I'm not mystical.
That spiritual stuff,
I really don't understand.
- We got to go!
We got to go!
- It's okay.
The engine is still cooling.
It's all right.
- The mountain's blowing steam.
- No, it's fine.
Until there's tremors,
we're all safe.
- Honey...
[rumbling]
[all screaming]
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
- I just don't want
to ride with Dana.
Like, I get that they should be
happy and everything.
It's just, like...
too much.
- Yeah, I know.
- Who is that?
- That's my boy.
- Ah, he's cute.
- Aww, that's sweet.
- He passed away about a year
ago, before all this started.
- Jane, I'm so sorry.
- We didn't know.
I'm so sorry.
- He was supposed to be
getting better,
so I took a deployment.
And then he didn't.
And I never got a chance
to say good-bye.
- Where's his dad?
- Where's anyone anymore?
- I'm sorry.
Jane, I'm sorry.
- Look, I'm telling you this
because you lost someone
yesterday,
and if I were you,
I would deal with it.
And I never did.
- Since when do you care
about Moon Dog?
- We'll live or die based
on which way the volcano erupts.
And he might know.
- [over radio]
Paperweights these days,
and I tell 'em straight,
I tell 'em all
both less and great,
it is the beast from the East
where the boat of Ra pulls out
from every morning,
oh, my chicks and Chicklets.
70 miles of death
in 3 directions,
10 to 20 to the west.
So let's remember
that Greely lie.
Go west, young man,
'cause you go East,
and you will die.
- Shit.
- What?
- We're going east.
- Turn around. Go west.
- We can't.
We can't do that.
We'll just head back
into the volcano.
- Okay, north or south.
- There's no other roads.
- [over radio] Remind us
that life is one sweet kiss
and then turn off the bliss.
This next load goes
to all those chrome-dome
strangers on the road,
looking for a place
to lay their hats tonight.
Godspeed, all travelers.
- You're right.
There's no roads north or south.
- Let me see.
- Dad, look out!
- Aah!
- What the hell?
- For God's sake.
Oh, did you see that?
Where'd he go?
[knock at door]
- Wait, Matt. Okay.
- Okay.
- Room for one more?
- Why don't you back up first?
- Who are you?
- I've only just arrived.
- What's your name?
- Monk.
- Where are your shoes?
- Where they belong,
of course--
away from my feet.
- [groans]
- Razor, Book of Mormon,
tea leaves.
There's no weapon.
- [clears throat]
- Well, I'm from Tibet.
This body is my new vessel.
My monastery vanished
in the blink of an eye.
- When?
- I don't know.
I entered the void,
where there is no time.
I woke up here...
in this vessel.
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
- Sniper! Get down!
[gunshots]
Take cover behind the truck!
Martin!
[bullets whizzing]
- Get in! Get in!
- Take cover, honey!
[gunshots]
- Martin, do you have eyes?
- Somewhere in those rocks!
- Ugh.
Is this you?
Huh, buddy?
You setting us up?
- I'm by myself.
- You better get cover.
- I have nothing
to protect.
- [groans]
- Dad's been hit!
Dad!
- Stay here!
- Honey!
Honey!
God, stay down. Stay down.
Stay down.
- [groaning]
- Put pressure.
Put your head down.
- [groaning]
- Get down!
He's gonna see you!
- I'm the one who sees.
♪ ♪
[explosion]
- Did you just kill that guy?
- Dad!
Get him up.
- Be careful.
- Careful, careful.
- Be gentle. Be gentle.
- Okay, come on.
- Okay, okay.
- Careful.
- The freaking truck is dead--
shot through the radiator.
- [groaning]
- We have many things
to discuss.
- Dad is not gonna die,
so stop it.
Stop thinking about it.
- Thinking about what?
- Dana...
he's not gonna die,
all right?
- That's not
what I was thinking about.
- You know why Mom made you ride
with me, right?
So that I'd stop thinking
about Devyn.
And you being like this
is not helping me.
- Well, because I'm scared.
What if he dies?
- He's not gonna die, okay?
He's...
'Cause he...
It's not gonna happen.
- Well, that is some
poor reasoning.
- Yeah, well,
logic isn't everything, okay?
Your twin voodoo or whatever
told you that I wasn't dead.
I know Dad is not gonna die.
It's the same thing.
Think of something else.
- I can't.
- Dana, I swear.
He is not gonna die.
- Is that
your new mantra now?
- I don't know
what a mantra is.
- It's just a phrase that--
- I don't care what a mantra is.
Would you drive
with me, please?
- [groaning]
It burns.
- Honey, we're gonna have to
take the round out, all right?
- How bad is it?
How bad is it?
- It's enough that we're gonna
take the round out.
Guys...
- Anesthesia?
- It's local.
- Let me do it.
- What are you doing?
- Let him try.
- Let me take care of it.
- Karen, Karen, let him try.
[groaning]
- Okay.
[dramatic mystical music]
♪ ♪
- Baby, I'm here
with you, okay?
- [groaning]
- The bullet missed your organs.
Very lucky. Very lucky.
- Okay.
Ohh!
- Aah!
- Ooh.
What are you doing?
Stay with me, Josh.
- What the hell?
- [grunting]
- Are you with me?
- Yeah.
- Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad.
- Come on.
It's all right.
- Oh, shit.
- It's all right.
- It's fine.
It's okay. It's okay.
- [breathing heavily]
- And here's your bullet.
Will you take it, please?
Do you have a towel?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Here's one.
- We have Chitosan
to stop the bleeding.
- No, no, it's not necessary.
Can you get my bag, please?
I'm gonna
bandage him up, okay?
- Shh.
- He'll be fine.
This is better
than stitches.
- What happened?
- No, no, he's just--
He's sleeping.
We're gonna let him rest.
Tea leaves. Slightly, here so he
heals up really well.
See the color
coming back to his face?
Let's let him rest.
Let's just let him rest.
I hope you don't mind
my saying this...
- I'm sure I will.
- I see that you care deeply
for your family.
- Obviously I do.
- But you're troubled
by the number of people
that you've killed.
- I don't know.
You just killed somebody.
- Killing involves death.
Death is an illusion.
Therefore...
- Therefore, bullshit.
Killing is real.
- Huh, what is real?
Am I real?
- Apparently.
- But you wish that I wasn't.
- That's not what I wish.
I don't know what I wish.
I know that I regret the people
that I've killed.
- I can see that.
It's no mystery.
- Okay.
- All right?
To look at you is to know,
it is to understand,
it is to feel.
It'll be okay.
- Hey, uh...
Martin's looking for you.
- Okay.
- Wow.
You're driving.
- Yeah, Mom made me.
How's Dad?
- He's asleep.
He'll be okay.
You drive pretty well.
- Yeah, I know.
I used to steal a lot of cars.
Matt, I'm scared.
- Good.
You should be.
You never stole cars.
- I was with people
who stole cars.
It was influential.
- What if he dies?
- He won't die.
- People die
all the time now.
- It's the end
of the world.
- Well, yeah, but if
you extrapolate that...
It's just statistically--
- Smaller word, please.
- Okay, if you take
the situation
and you project it
into the future--
- Oh.
You mean "extrapolate."
You could have
just said that.
- [chuckles]
Yes.
If you extrapolate
the death rate around here,
then we all die.
- I was in firefights
in Afghanistan.
You know who dies?
People who think
they're gonna die.
I swear to God.
Anyone who thought they were
coming back...
came back.
You think you're gonna die
anytime soon?
- Honestly?
No.
I don't.
- Yeah.
I don't either.
Whatever this thing is...
you and me, we're gonna be there
when it ends.
We're gonna know each other
for the rest of our lives.
- Okay...
either I'm getting the flu,
or you're giving me chills.
- It could be the flu.
- It's not the flu.
- [groaning]
How long was I out?
- A very brief time.
You must be strong.
- Where are we?
- Still in danger.
- Oh, what's new?
We're always in danger.
- Well, this danger
is imminent.
The volcano will erupt
and none of us will survive.
- [sighs]
- What should we do?
- Mm, I've passed
through life many times.
I find the best preparation
is to sing your death song.
- Yeah, I don't think
we're gonna be doing that.
- Something else, then,
but we are out of time,
and most certainly,
we're all going to die, so...
- How do you know
we're gonna die?
- Would you believe me
if I told you?
- No.
- Hmm.
- But you have an idea?
- I do, yes.
Go back to the volcano.
- [scoffs]
- Back to the volcano.
- That's an awesome idea.
Why didn't I think of that?
- There's
a prayer wheel on it,
and I believe that that's why
this vessel brought me here.
- What's a prayer wheel do?
- It's something that grants
its possessor
anything they desire most.
- Of course.
- So you could stop
the volcano?
- Mm! Mm...
presumably.
- Oh, right.
So you just want us
to walk up an erupting volcano.
- Do you really believe this?
- I'm in the business of belief.
- Oh, so, if you could, say,
do that,
um, why don't you just do it
yourself?
- Because I'm not the one
who needs to be saved.
I can surf the wave,
vessel to vessel, but...
you can't.
- D-do we need to talk
about this more?
I mean, you're clearly...
completely insane.
I'm gonna--
Honey, can we just, like, drive
as fast as we can
and outrun this thing?
- Oh, I regret to inform you,
that will be impossible.
The road is destroyed.
- Of course it is.
- Just ahead of us.
- Uh-huh.
- Mom!
Mom, come here a sec.
Now!
- What is it?
- We're out of road.
- What do we do?
- Um, I'm gonna talk
to your dad.
Uh, can I--can I be alone
with my husband?
Thanks.
- Oh.
- I think
we should go outside.
- Honey, you've just been shot.
- No, no, no. I'm--I'm better.
- Oh, okay.
- Let's go.
- Hey.
- Oh.
[wind whooshing]
- Do you believe
in miracles?
- No.
- I do. Karen, look...
- Yeah?
- Holy shit.
- Yeah.
Holy something.
- [chuckles]
I don't know. I don't know.
What do you want to do?
Believe in the guy?
Okay, let's go back.
See the volcano.
- When Mount Rainer blows,
there's gonna be
a pyroclastic flow
that's 2,000 degrees and moving
500 miles an hour.
- Okay.
There are avalanche shelters.
You're gonna go in 'em.
- What are you gonna do?
- [sighs] I'm gonna go find
the prayer wheel.
- No, I'm--I'm gonna go find
- Oh, you're gonna go find it?
You just got shot.
- I'm healed now.
- No, Josh.
- You don't even believe in it.
- You do, and that's enough.
I better get back.
Mm-hmm.
[explosion]
All right.
- Do you know how fast
an eruption travels?
- Um, 500 miles an hour?
- Yeah, it's like liquid cement
that's on fire.
It's gonna burn you alive.
- That's why
you're giving me this, right?
[device beeps]
Track me.
- How far up is this thing?
- If there is even a thing.
- Uh, well, how do I know?
- The journey will not be long.
- There you go.
- The prayer wheel should be
somewhere near the base.
- What he said.
- Mom, we stick together.
That's what we do.
- We evaluate risk.
The smallest amount of risk
is me going up there alone.
- You're not going alone.
I'm coming with you.
- That's not necessary.
- I have orders
to protect you.
- I'll make sure these guys
don't get into trouble
while you're gone.
- You better.
I love you, okay?
- Just come back.
- I will.
- We should wait here
for you.
- Mom, come with us
to the shelters.
- This is not good-bye.
- Please.
- I promise you.
All right.
- Ready?
- I'm ready.
- Good.
See you tonight.
♪ ♪
- I'm sorry.
I don't believe this.
Who in the hell
walks up an exploding mountain?
- Someone who's ready
to die for their family.
- Nobody is dying.
Nobody is dying.
Got it?
Where are we?
- We're on track.
I just saw a sign
for the shelter.
[explosion]
- Which way?
[rumbling]
- This way.
- Okay.
- [whimpers]
- You okay?
- No.
[grunts]
- We have to keep moving.
- Just go on without me.
- Danny bailed, too.
How'd that work out for him?
- Danny didn't bail, Steve.
He fell off your hold.
We just left him there.
- Shut up, all right?
He griped all the way up the
mountain, then he lost his edge.
Hey, don't bogart the water!
- Please.
[vehicle approaching]
- Hey! Oh!
- Hey! Hey!
- Hey!
- What do we got?
- Two people.
- [groans]
Pull over.
- Could be trouble.
- I don't think so.
Let's stop.
- Why chance it?
- Martin!
- Hey!
- Anna, look out!
- Martin, stop for them.
- What are they doing?
Hey!
[brakes squealing]
Come on, come on.
- Hey, he listened to me.
- Happy wife, happy life.
- You, uh,
could've killed us.
- Well, we didn't.
- Nice way to start
a conversation, pal.
- Whoa.
He's just stressed, okay?
Look, our friend
fell into the crater,
and we got caught in the steam,
and we, um--
we just really need
a ride.
- Your friend fell?
- Yeah, he froze up.
- You let him go.
- He was gonna fall anyways.
I chose to live.
- We're headed
to the avalanche shelters.
You can join us.
- Uh, how you gonna do that?
There's too many of us.
- So keep walking.
- No, with this many people,
there's only enough oxygen
in the shelters
for a few hours,
at most.
- Yeah, the only way out
is to keep driving.
- Sorry. We can't do that.
- Our mother's on the volcano.
- For real?
- She's dead.
- Shut up about that!
You can join us or not.
- The shelter
is a mistake.
- Let's go. Come on, that's it.
- You got to keep driving.
- Start walking, pal.
- Uh...
[explosion]
- Wait. Okay, okay,
yes, we'll take the ride, right?
Thank you.
- [exhales deeply]
So you met a monk,
and he said there was a way
to stop Rainier
from erupting?
- Yeah, yeah.
- And you believe him?
- Well, I got shot in the gut
with a rifle just today,
and he cured it, so...
- How?
- I don't know that,
but it's gone.
- So you believe the eruption
can be stopped,
but you're heading
for a shelter
because you think
the volcano might erupt?
- Technically, yes, I guess--
I suppose that's true.
- [chuckles]
That makes no sense.
- Well, you two were trying
to climb up a volcano,
and then your friend died.
- But we're getting down alive,
no matter what.
- [breathing heavily]
What?
- We've reached
our destination.
[explosion]
- This is it?
- Yes.
- I thought
it was gonna be smaller...
something
I could hold or...
spin.
- Evidently not.
- Okay.
So what do I do?
- Step into the wheel,
and...
oh, I assume
the rest will follow.
- What if I'm not pure?
- You're risking your life
to protect your family.
What could be more pure
than this?
- Step away, Karen.
I'm walking
into that thing, not you.
- Look, I don't like
these two, but...
they could be right.
- What?
You believe them?
- Why would they lie?
- 'Cause they're
random strangers
we should not have
picked up.
- Well, my dad is usually right
about things.
- Your dad
is a fantastic guy,
but the world is not set up
for fantastic guys anymore.
You can't trust anyone.
- You trust me.
- Because I love you.
These two
are just arrogant clowns.
They're gonna do whatever
they need, not what we need.
- Okay, but can you just roll
the film back
to--to when you said
that...
- That I love you?
- Yeah.
- Sure.
- But don't you think
it's kind of a big word?
- I don't know.
I mean...
Devyn died
for your sister--
literally died
rather than hurt her,
and he knew her
for what, a week?
The end of the world is making
everything mean more, Dana.
You and me--we don't know
how much time we're gonna have,
but my bet is we're gonna spend
all of it together.
So we're, like...
married, then?
- [chuckles]
Well, we're something.
Why don't we just
leave it at that?
- Okay.
But if we're, like...
you know,
weirdly married...
I would like to hold hands...
or something.
[chuckles]
- Yeah,
that can be arranged.
- [chuckles]
- What are you doing?
What are you doing?
You're gonna shoot me
with my own gun?
- I am walking
into the wheel, not you!
- No, you're not.
No, you're not,
and you're wasting time.
- To do what--
take evil from the world?
You can't stop this shit.
All you can do is grab on
to whatever happiness
you have left.
And I want mine!
I want my son back!
- Okay, okay.
- If you do this...
you will not find
the results you seek.
- A girl's got to dream.
- [gasps]
- You want to be next?
- No.
- Good.
Here I go.
- Okay, here's the shelter.
[RV door closes]
[Anna coughing]
Steve, hang on.
- Hey, hey,
let me take that for you.
All right, thanks. Yeah.
- Aah!
- All right!
Everyone stay still!
- Hey, hey, hey, hey!
- Let her go!
- Put that thing down, now!
- Steve.
- This is our thing now.
Put the gun down.
- [panting]
- You go in there,
you're gonna die.
- It's all the same to me.
I'll see you around.
[rumbling]
- Don't! Don't!
- [whimpers]
- Don't make me do this!
- [voice breaking]
I just want my child back.
[breathing heavily]
Stop it!
- [breathing heavily]
- I'm getting my son.
[breathing heavily]
- Jane...
Jane--
- He lied to us!
Nothing's happening.
Why can't I see my son?
What the hell?
What's happening?
[ominous music]
What the hell?
♪ ♪
- [breathing heavily]
- I'll kill her.
- Oh, my God.
- You're not strong enough
to kill my sister, you dickhead!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Guys, no guns. No guns, no guns!
- Your dad's right.
- Everyone put them down!
Relax!
- Put your gun
on the ground now.
- Here we go.
What are you planning,
Steve?
- Go get it.
Go get it!
- Steve!
What's your plan?
- Your plan is shit, man!
You guys go hide
in those shelters if you want!
We're taking your vehicle!
- Your plan doesn't work.
You have no time
to get down this mountain.
- I'd rather die running
than hiding.
- We'll all make it
in the shelters.
We can still make it work.
- Oh, did the monk
tell you that?
- Everyone, relax!
- Just give us the keys, okay?
- Go and take the keys,
you idiot.
- Keys, all right.
- Keys, please.
[panting]
- Are you kidding me?
Anna, get back here!
I'll go get them!
- Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey.
Just don't--
don't worry about that.
Take a breath.
- [exhales deeply]
- Okay, just put it down.
Put the gun down.
- No.
Don't tell me
what to do.
- Hey, you're not killers.
[scoffs]
You're climbers.
- Martin, stop.
- Just stop moving.
- Just let her go.
You're not gonna
shoot anyone.
- Just stop moving.
- Just let her go.
Let her go.
- Stop moving.
- You're not gonna stab anyone
in the throat.
[Anna crying]
- So...
So let's just.
- Aah! Martin!
No!
- What did you do?
What the hell
did you just do?
- Aah!
- [crying]
No!
[echoing]
[no audio]
[girls screaming]
- What the--
- Sorry!
I'm so sorry!
Steve...
- Give me your belt.
- What?
- Give me your belt!
- Okay, okay, okay.
- [sobbing]
No!
- Let's go!
- Okay, I'm trying.
What are you doing?
- Come here.
- Please,
what are you doing?
Please.
Please don't.
What are you doing?
No! Steve...
Please.
Please don't.
Just don't, please.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorr--
- Come with me.
- What? Why?
- 'Cause I'm gonna hang you.
- No! No! Aah!
No! No!
Aah! No!
Aah!
No! No!
Steve! Steve!
Aah! Aah!
[grunting, panting]
You don't have
to do this.
to do this!
Please!
[whimpering]
Please.
[sobbing]
- Matt.
- No, I'm not listening to you!
I'm gonna get justice one
freakin' time in this world!
- I'm so sorry.
[grunts]
- Matt!
Matt, if you kill her,
her blood is on you!
- Please!
Oh, please!
- That's not right!
Matt, that had nothing
to do with you!
- Aah!
[choking]
- Matt!
- What do you want to do--
forgive them?
- No, I want justice.
- [choking]
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
- [gasps, coughing]
[gasps, coughs]
Get it--
get it off my neck!
Get it off.
- Hey! Hey!
On your knees.
You touch that,
and I'll scalp you.
- What are you gonna do,
tough guy, huh--kill us?
- No, I'm not gonna kill you.
I'm not gonna wear your blood.
The volcano's
gonna do it for me.
But you're not getting
in the motor home,
and you're not getting
in the shelter with us.
You're gonna die under ten feet
of liquid burning rock.
Get up. Get up!
- She shot the guy!
I didn't do anything!
- Put an ice pick
to my daughter's head!
You gave a gun to a fool!
And that fool
killed a good man,
and that good man
loved my daughter.
Now go! Go on!
Is that fair?
- Yeah, that's fair.
[Dana sobbing]
Martin!
I don't want
to leave him here!
- We won't, little girl.
- You can't just leave us here!
- We're human beings!
- Just miss them.
Leave them for the lava.
[gunshots]
- Go! Go, go!
- Up, down, left, right--
it doesn't matter where you go!
You're gonna die
in burning rock!
[explosions, rumbling]
- Mm-hmm.
- You're alive?
How? How? How?
How are you alive?
- Things happen.
- I...I failed.
- But your noble actions
merit reward.
Look at me.
Come with me.
- Where?
- To my next destination.
Life can't be sustained here
any longer.
You realize that.
- Will my family be there?
- I don't know.
But every other delight
will be yours--
security, rest, fulfillment.
- I don't give up
on my family.
- Even if they're going
to die?
- You don't know that.
And I'm gonna find out
for myself.
- That's a beautiful choice.
You really are coming along,
you know that?
- You really are an asshole,
[groans]
[explosion]
[gasps]
Oh.
- [whimpering]
I need more time.
- Dad, we have to go now!
Dana, Dana...
- Come on, Dana,
give me your hand.
- I don't want
to leave him here.
I don't want
to just leave him here.
- Dana, Dana...
- Come on, Dana.
[all shouting indistinctly]
[Dana sobbing]
[explosion]
- Come on, come on, get in!
[alarm blaring]
Come on, come on, get in!
Get in!
[Matt coughing]
- Where's Dana?
Where's Dana?
[shouting indistinctly]
- Dad, you have to get in!
Dad, get in!
- Dana!
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪